python: add http.server example (#7305)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/python.md

- Interactively debug a Python script:

`python -m pdb {{script.py}}`

> - Start the built-in HTTP server (http://127.0.0.1:8000) in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start the built-in HTTP server on port 8000 in the current directory:
```

> `python -m http.server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`python -m {{http.server}}`
```
